_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: true  # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

website version 1 with add-on support to show research exp.

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle: Robotics | Computer Vision | Autonomous Systems.

profile:
  align: right
  image: personal_img/PranayJunare.jpeg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>junarepranay@gmail.com</p>
    <p><a href="mailto:junarepranay@gmail.com">Email</a>  | <a href="https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=38XpwpkAAAAJ&hl">Google Scholar</a> </p>
    <p><a href="/assets/pdf/PranayJunare_CV.pdf">CV</a> | <a href="https://github.com/pranay-junare">Github</a> | </p>
    <p><a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/pranay-junare">LinkedIn</a></p>
    <p>Pune, India</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: false  # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
experience_display: true
---

Hello! I'm a Roboticist, Engineer, Software Developer at ION Trading, past Research Intern at NTU-Singapore, and a Research Scholar at MITACS-Canada.

I am fundamentally passionate about understanding how human perception & manipulation work and how we can build autonomous systems that have tremendous positive social impact. In pursuit of this passion, I aim to build autonomous perception systems that are at par with the inherent human cognitive capabilities. My research interests lie at the intersection of `Robotics, Computer Vision and Autonomous Systems` especially in the domains of `Manipulation, Imitation Learning, Reinforcement Learning, SLAM and machine vision`.

During my undergraduate days, I was a Team Member of University's Robotics Laboratory advised by [Dr. Shantipal Ohol](https://www.coep.org.in/mycoep/ssomechcoepacin) and have also interned with 2 startups [Exa Mobility](https://www.exa-mobility.com/) and [Binary Robotics](https://www.binaryrobotics.in/).


In addition, I was a former Summer Research Intern at [NTU-Singapore](https://www.ntu.edu.sg/) under [Dr. Xie Ming](https://dr.ntu.edu.sg/cris/rp/rp00965) and was funded by the `NTU-India Connect Scholarship`. I was also fortunate enough to have worked with [Dr. Scott Nokleby](https://ontariotechu.ca/experts/feas/scott-nokleby.php) under the `Canadian MITACS-Globalink'21 Research Scholarship`. 


I am actively looking for PhD positions in Robotics for Fall'24.
